Highlight Canvas features (#8799)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/canvas-interface.md

> Each operator has a configuration side panel that opens when you click on it. The configuration panel allows you to configure the operator, review the current model, preview changes, view the SQL code for the operator, and delete the operator.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to be true anymore. I think this is referring to "edit mode."

```suggestion
Each operator has an edit mode that opens when you click on it. The configuration panel allows you to configure the operator, review the current model, preview changes, view the SQL code for the operator, and delete the operator.
```

> The configuration side panel has the following tabs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit mode provides the following options:
```

> - **Configure** &mdash; Configure the operator to your specified requirements, such as using the built-in AI code generator to generate SQL.

Reviewer: I don't see "Configure" anywhere.

- **Input** &mdash; View the data for the current source table. Not available for model operators.
- **Output** &mdash; Preview data results and [profile column details](#output-tab-and-data-profiling) for this operator's transformation.

> - **Code** &mdash; View the underlying SQL code for the data transformation.

Reviewer: This is called "[*] SQL" now. And it's in the tool panel.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/canvas/config-panel.png" width="90%" title="A sleek drag-and-drop canvas interface that allows you to create or modify dbt SQL models." />

> ### Output tab and data profiling

Reviewer: The tab wording is confusing. See my comment [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8799/changes#r2942196730)
